CNV-77500 and 77540: Storage migration and cleanup (#112504)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-migrating-storage-delete-mig-plans.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * virt/managing_vms/virtual_disks/virt-migrating-storage-class.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/managing_vms/virt-migrating-vm-storage.adoc
```

Author: Fixed.
